i
come
inscribed
hello to all friends today we are going to
present the new coaching
decisive nanotechnological
a coating a special coaching
for rubber tires and plastics
exterior
why
this October
alive
do not
other
paint
seriously where
yes
when applying it we get a double for
one part we will have a dark tire
and black for much longer by
another part we will have a coating
protector and sealant that we
will provide a very easy cleaning with
which will keep the darkness
during all that time we need
wheelock certainly wants
using ebony about our car
we will get some plastic tires
and protected and black rubber during
much more time a greeting and until the
next video friend